docs: recommend tooling (#1169)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-opensource-java: docs/JLBP-11.md

releases a higher version. Time is important, not just how many versions behind,
because a dependency tree that is up to date at each point in time is
more likely to be internally consistent and compatible.
Staying up to date is also important to ensure that security fixes are rolled
out promptly.

There are several tools that make upgrading dependencies easier by performing much of the grunt work:

* The [Versions Maven Plugin](https://www.mojohaus.org/versions-maven-plugin/)

>   can inform you of new versions of dependencies and plugins or rewrite a

Reviewer: For readability: "or rewrite" -> "or it can rewrite"

Author: rewrote

  pom.xml to use the new versions.

> * [Renovabot](https://renovate.whitesourcesoftware.com/) notices when a new version of a dependency is released and files a pull request against your Github repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Renovate Bot](https://renovate.whitesourcesoftware.com/) notices when a new version of a dependency is released and suggests changes for your project.
```

Or Renovatebot, or Renovate.

Renovate Bot as GitHub App is one form of Renovate. Renovate also works for GitLab and on-premise projects. Pull request is GitHub's term.

Author: done

> * Github's [Dependabot](https://dependabot.com/) creates pull requests to address security advisories and dependency upgrades.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* GitHub's [Dependabot](https://dependabot.com/) creates pull requests to address security advisories and dependency upgrades.
```

Author: done

> These tools assume that the new versions are compatible with the older versions. In cases where they're not fully compatible, a dependency upgrade can still require manual attention to rewrite and update affected code. However these tools do remove much of the pain from small updates.

Reviewer 2: Would you set the line width no more than 100 characters?

> These tools all assume that the new versions are compatible with the older versions. In cases where they're not fully compatible a depdency upgrade can still require manual attention to rewrite and update affected code. However these tools do remove much of the pain from small updates.

Reviewer 2: Would you set the line width at 100 characters?

> These tools assume that the new versions are compatible with the older versions. In cases where they're not fully compatible, a depdency upgrade can still require manual attention to rewrite and update affected code. However these tools do remove much of the pain from small updates.

Reviewer: Spelling (depdency)

Author: done

releases a higher version. Time is important, not just how many versions behind,
because a dependency tree that is up to date at each point in time is
more likely to be internally consistent and compatible.
Staying up to date is also important to ensure that security fixes are rolled
out promptly.

There are several tools that make upgrading dependencies easier by performing much of the grunt work:

* The [Versions Maven Plugin](https://www.mojohaus.org/versions-maven-plugin/)
  can inform you of new versions of dependencies or rewrite a
  pom.xml to use the new versions.

> * [Renovate](https://renovate.whitesourcesoftware.com/) notices when a new version of a dependency is released and files a pull or merge request to update your repository.

Reviewer 2: This line is also long.
